What is the acceptable range for fluoride (for large and small municipal residential systems that fluoridate)?
A. 0.3 to 0.6 mg/L
B. 1.2 to 1.5 mg/L
C. 0.5 to 0.8 mg/L
D. 0.8 to 1.0 mg/L

What the minimum disinfection requirements for surface water are as stated in the Ministry of the Environment's Procedure for Disinfection of Drinking Water in Ontario?
A. 2-log viruses, 3-log Cryptosporidium, 4-log Giardia
B. 4-log viruses, 3-log Cryptosporidium, 4-log Giardia
C. 3-log viruses, 4-log Cryptosporidium, 2-log Giardia
D. 4-log viruses, 2-log Cryptosporidium, 3-log Giardia

The health-based standards under Regulation 169/03 are sorted into three categories, which are:
A. Radiological, microbiological, and chemical.
B. Organic, inorganic and microbiological.
C. Aesthetic, operational, and health-related.
D. Physical, chemical and microbiological.

What does GUDI stand for?
A. groundwater and underground disinfection inactivation
B. good utilization of disinfection inactivation
C. groundwater under the direct influence of surface water
D. groundwater underground within distribution infrastructure

What are the minimum disinfection requirements for GUDI?
A. The same as groundwater
B. The same as surface water
C. Less than surface water, but greater than groundwater
D. 50 mg/L chlorine for 24 hours

Which of the following statements is not true regarding adverse water quality results?
A. An adverse water quality result must be reported by the owner / operator immediately to the Medical Officer of Health and the Ministry of the Environment.
B. An adverse water quality result must be confirmed through re-testing before being reported.
C. An adverse water quality result must be reported by the laboratory to the owner/operator, the Medical Officer of Health and the Ministry of the Environment.
D. A written report must follow a verbal report of an adverse water quality result to the Medical Officer of Health and the Ministry of the Environment.

Which of the following is not an adverse water quality indicator?
A. Free chlorine residual below 0.05 in a distribution system sample from a system that provides secondary chlorination.
B. Colored water caused by iron and manganese oxidation.
C. Fluoride concentration greater than 1.5 mg/L.
D. Heterotrophic plate counts greater than 500 CFU/ml.

What is the aesthetic objective for turbidity of water at the point of consumption?
A. 1.0 NTU
B. 0.5 NTU
C. 3.0 NTU
D. 5.0 NTU

The health-based standard for Heterotrophic Plate Count in treated water is:
A. 200 CFU/100 mL.
B. Not detected.
C. 500 CFU/mL.
D. 500 CFU/100 mL.

The minimum frequency and location of sampling for a municipal water system is specified by the:
A. Federal government
B. Plant manager
C. Reg. 170/03
D. Operator-In-Charge

A single sample taken without considering the time of day or the rate of flow is called a (n) sample.
A. Composite
B. Extraneous
C. Grab
D. Periodic

A grab sample represents:
A. The quality of the water at the time the sample was taken.
B. Approximately 2 L of water.
C. A time-proportional sample.
D. A flow-proportional sample.

In a test procedure using a spectrophotometer, to reach a colored end point.
A. A burette is used to quantitatively measure the amount of reagent solution needed
B. The volume of reagent solution used is important because it can dilute the concentration of the colored end product in the reacted sample.
C. The color intensity will continue to increase indefinitely so color comparisons are always made 10 minutes after the reagent is added.
D. The volume of sample used is not important because results are interpreted by the color intensity rather than by the appearance alone.

What two types of devices are used to collect samples?
A. Left and right
B. Upper and lower
C. Automatic and manual
D. Gas and diesel

What chemical is used as the titrant in determining the total hardness of a water
A. EDTA
B. Hydrochloric acid
C. Sodium hydroxide
D. Sulphuric acid

A grab sample may be preferred over a composite sample when:
A. An overall description of the water for a 24-hour period is needed.
B. The water quality indicators of interest will not deteriorate with time.
C. The water to be sampled does not flow on a continuous basis.
D. The characteristics of the water to be sampled are relatively constant.

The DPD test may be used to determine:
A CHLORINE RESIDUAL
B. ALKALINITY
C. DISSOLVED OXYGEN
D. HARDNESS

pH is a measure of:
A. Conductivity
B. Water's ability to neutralize acid
C. Hydrogen ion concentration
D. Dissolved solids

Which of the following is a major part of a Turbidimeter? bloom?
A. Objective nosepiece
B. Reference electrode
C. Aspirator nutri
D. Light source

Which of the following elements cause hardness in water?
A. Sodium and potassium
B. Nitrogen and sulfur
C. Fluoride and oxygen
D. Calcium and magnesium

Water that requires a large amount of soap to produce soap suds is termed:
A. Corrosive trop astinal diseases
B Hard
C. Soft
D. Turbid

Moderately hard water will have a hardness of
A. 0 to 75
B 75 to 150
C. 150 to 200
D. over 180

Turbidity in water can be caused by:
A. Adequate filtration
B. Ultraviolet irradiation
C. Inadequate baffling
D. Unsettled particulate matter

The term "surface runoff" refers to:
A. Rainwater that soaks into the ground.
B. Rain that returns to the atmosphere from the earth's surface.
C. Surface water that overflows the banks of rivers.
D. Water that flows into rivers after a rainfall.

Which source of water has the greatest natural protection from bacterial contamination?
A. Shallow well
B Deep well in gravel
C. Surface water
D. Springute equois

Which of the following contributes to the creation of algae blooms?
A. Increased turbidity
B. Decreased air temperature
C Increased nutrients
D. Increased wind action

Inactivation of pathogenic organisms in water treatment is called:
A Disinfection
B. Oxidation
C. Pasteurization
D. Sterilization

A primary health risk associated with pathogens in drinking water is:
A. Cancer
B Acute gastrointestinal diseases
C. Birth defects
D. Nervous system disorders

A major health risk associated with nitrites and nitrates is:
A. Cancer
B. Acute respiratory diseases
C. "blue baby" syndrome
D. Reduced iqs in children

The presence of the coliform group of bacteria in water indicates:
A. Contamination
B. Adequate disinfection
C. Improper sampling
D. Taste and odor problems

Presence of total coliforms in drinking water indicates:
A. The presence of pathogens
B. The absence of an adequate chlorine residual
C. The existence of an urgent public health problem
D. The potential presence of pathogens

A disease that can be transferred by water is:
A. Gonorrhea
B. Malaria
C. Mumps
D. Typhoid

One m3 per minute equals
A. 24
B. 60
C. 550
D. 1440

A 0.60 m wide rectangular channel is flowing 45 cm deep with an average velocity of 1.5 m/s. The rate of flow is approximately
A. 0.18
B. 0.41
C. 18
D. 41

The effluent weir of a circular clarifier is located along the rim of a 18 m diameter tank. What is the approximate length of the weir?
A. 28 m
B. 35 m 
C. 57 m
D. 60 m

What is the volume of a cylinder that is 5.5 m high and has a diameter of 4.3 m?
A. 24
B. 74
C. 80
D. 102

If 1 cm represents 0.5 m on a scaled drawing, then how many cm will represent 8.7m?
A. 4.35cm
B. 8.7cm
C. 17.4cm
D. 43.5cm

What type of intake structure is described by the following statements: Often used in deep lakes, various configurations are available: vertical tower, inclined on the lake slope, Able to provide water from the depth where the best quality of water is located at a given time.
A. Submerged intake
B. Single level intake
C. Multi-level intake
D. Well intake

What is the detention time in a storage tank 6.0 m high and 9.1 m in diameter when the rate of flow is 1,900m3/d?
A. 5.0 hrs
B. 5.2 hrs
C. 7.9 hrs
D. 10 hrs

A sand filter is 6.1 m by 5.5 m. The backwash rate is 23m3/min. What is the backwash rise rate in m per minute?
A. 0.69 m/min
B. 0.72 m/min
C. 6.9 m/min
D. 7.2 m/min

A circular clarifier 20 m in diameter has a weir along the entire circumference. What is the weir overflow rate in m3/m.d when the flow is 7.6m3/min?
C. 174
A. 38
B. 152
D. 210

A circular clarifier treats a flow of 4,542m3/d. The diameter is 16.8 m; the depth is 2.4 m. What is the surface loading in m3/m2.d?
B. 20.5
A. 5.1
C. 87.2
D. 113

One of the most common causes of mud balls in the filter media is:
A. Insufficient backwash rate.
B. Excessive filtration rate.
C. Excessive backwash rate. 
D. Broken underdrain system.

Persistent formation of mud balls in a filter can be overcome: 
C. By thorough back washing and optimizing the chemical dose
A. By increasing the dose of the coagulant or coagulant aid. 
B. By changing the filter media.
D. With filter aids.

Algae can shorten filter runs by:
A. Clogging the filters.
B. Increasing chlorine demand.
C. Lowering the ph.
D. Increasing the turbidity.

Filters in a water treatment process are primarily for removing or reducing:
D. Turbidity
A. Calcium and magnesium sulfates
B. Color
C. Tastes and odors

In a filter using gravel, anthracite, and sand, the anthracite should be:
A. The top layer of media.
B. Beneath the gravel.
C. Between the sand and the gravel.
D. Mixed with the sand.

A Water Treatment Plant's flocculation-coagulation and sedimentation processes should be checked if which of the following changes?
A. Turbidity
B. Chlorine feed rate
C. Fluoride feed rate
D. Trihalomethanes

If raw water turbidity changed from 10 to 300 turbidity units and the finished water turbidity had increased from 0.1 to 1.0 turbidity units, the unit process having the most impact to correct this situation is:
A Coagulation
B. Sedimentation
C. Filtration
D. Disinfection

Chemicals that cause alkalinity in water are: 
A. Calcium carbonate and calcium oxide
B. Calcium sulfate and sodium sulfate 
C. Magnesium chloride and iron chloride 
D. Sodium chloride and calcium chloride

What can generally be said about colloidal particles in water? 
B. They do not settle readily.
A. They will dissolve.
C. They will settle after one hour. 
D. They will settle immediately.

Non-settleable solids are classified as ______ solids: 
B. Colloidal, dissolved, and total dissolved 
A. Suspended, colloidal, and dissolved 
C. Colloidal, bacterial, and suspended
D. Coarse, fine, and very fine solids.

A well screen must be installed in:
D. Unconsolidated materials
A. All deep wells
B. Consolidated materials
C. Only shallow wells

Which of the following type of screen is used to screen out large debris such as logs and fish?
A. Bar screen
B. Wire-mesh screen
C. Micro strainer
D. Travelling screen

What effect will the addition of lime, caustic soda, or soda ash have on the pH of water?
C. Increase
A. Stabilize
B. Lower
D. Have no effect

A calm area within a settling basin necessary for suspended materials to settle is known as the
C. Settling 
A. Inlet
B. Outlet
D. Sludge

Sedimentation is improved by:
D. Uniform, horizontal, low velocity flow across the basin.
A. A sludge blanket
B. Reducing the detention period in the basin.
C. Increasing the flow rate.

Sedimentation is a process that ____ suspended matter
A. Settles
B. Coagulates
C. Flocculates
D. Filters

Clarification of water by sedimentation and filtration removes:
B. Suspended solids
A. Dissolved solids
C. Volatile solids
D. All of the above

How many kg of sodium hypochlorite containing 8% available chlorine by weight would be needed to provide 25 kg of chlorine?
D. 312.5
A. 50.0
B. 78.1 
C. 200.0

An operator disinfects 100,000 L of water in storage with a dose of 50 mg/L of chlorine. The operator has 60 kg of a chemical, which is 65 percent available chlorine by weight, and the operator dumps it all in. This was:
B. Too much.
A. The right amount.
C. Not enough.
D. None of the above

Chlorine gas use at a water treatment plant averages 36.7 kg/d. assuming that the average daily flow is 49,210m3/d, the dose is
B. 0.75
A. 0.5
C. 1.0
D. 715

The chlorine demand of water is 3 mg/L. If the operator treats 946 m3 with 4.5 kg of chlorine gas, the chlorine residual should be_
B. 1.8
A. 1.0
C. 3.0
D. 4.8

The most important use of chlorine in water treatment is as a(n):
C. Disinfectant.
A. Coagulant aid.
B. Algaecide.
D. Oxidant for iron and manganese.

After a new water main is installed and pressure tested it should be
B. Filled with a solution of 50 mg/l free chlorine for at least 24 hours prior to flushing.
A. Flushed with clean water for 24 hours and put into service.
C. Filled with clean water and allowed to sit for 5 days at full pressure before turning the water into the system.
D. Photographed so that mapping can be avoided until the system is complete.

What is the purpose of a check valve?
A. To regulate the rate of flow through the discharge pipe.
B. To act as automatic shutoff valve when the pump stops.
C. To permit air to escape from the pipe.
D. To prevent clogging of the suction line.

A cylindrical tank with a radius of 2.5 m is filled to a depth of 4.0 m with water. Approximately how many litres of water does it contain?
D. 78,000 L
A. 78 L
B. 10,000 L
C. 62,000 L

To protect stored water from contamination, a ground storage reservoir should 
B. Have both the overflow pipe and the vent screened.
A. Be totally airtight.
C. Have cathodic protection.
D. Have its interior surface coated with an awwa-approved paint system.

The main sources of water treatment plant waste residues are:
B. Filter backwash and settling tank sludge.
A. Flocculated solids and chlorine residuals.
C. Filter media and the clear well drain.
D. Settled water and chemical feed systems.

List the three components of treated water storage. 
C. Fire protection, equalization, emergency
A. Emergency, chlorine contact, fire protection 
B. Backwash water, fire protection, chlorine contact 
D. Chlorine contact, equalization, clear well

What type of level sensor uses sound waves?
B. ultrasonic sensor
A. bubbler tube
C. float mechanism
D. differential pressure

If the charge rate is $0.60/m3 and water consumption was 80,536 L, what is the cost of the water bill?
C. $48.32 
A. $20.78
B. $24.32
D. $480.32

The filter medium in DE filters is:
B. Diatomaceous earth.
A. Dielectric earth.
C. De-ionized earth.
D. Disinfected earth.

Small gaseous chlorine leaks in and around a chlorinator can be detected by the use of a solution made from:
A. Ammonia
B. Hypochlorite
C. Lime
D. Soda ash

When chlorine gas leaks from the disinfection assembly, the use of water may cause: 
B. Hydrochloric acid to form.
A. An explosion.
C. Toxic gases.
D. A dense white smoke.

If ammonia vapour is passed over a chlorine leak in a cylinder valve, the presence of the leak is indicated by a:
B. White cloud.
A. Yellow cloud.
C. Grey cloud.
D. Brown cloud.

A gas chlorinator has the following conditions: chlorine inlet pressure is very low, frost appears on chlorine supply header, reducing chlorine feed rate doesn't help, and changing chlorine cylinders doesn't help. What is the most likely cause of reduced chlorine feed rate in the Rotameter?
A. Supply line clogged
B. Reducing valve clogged
C. Pressure relief valve diaphragm ruptured.
D. Excessive feed rate

A gas chlorinator has been diagnosed with the following conditions: chlorine cylinder valve closed, ball in Rotameter drops to zero, ejector water supply is off, chlorine supply indicator at unit shows no supply, chlorine supply indicator resets after 10 minutes. What is the most likely cause of the chlorinator problem?
A. Vacuum leak after the indicator tube
B. Injector clogged
C. Ejector water supply valve closed
D. Ejector nozzle clogged

Which of the following would be classified as a positive displacement pump?
D. Reciprocating pump
A. Centrifugal pump
B. Jet pump
C. Propeller pump

Cavitation is a condition that:
C. Occurs when inlet pressure drops below design pressure.
A. Damages the packing in a pump.
B. Occurs when a pump is operated at higher than design flows
D. Occurs when liquid being pumped contains solids.

The most rapid damage to a centrifugal pump is from: 
A. cavitation
B. excessive head pressure
C. high velocity
D. sand

When using a fire hydrant, the valve should be opened:
D. To the full open position.
A. Only by fire department personnel.
B. Only one and one-half turns.
C. Quickly to prevent surges in the main line.

The leakage of seal water around the packing on a centrifugal pump is required because it acts as a(n):
B. Coolant.
A. Adhesive.
C. Corrosion inhibitor.
D. Scale inhibitor.

Which of the following is not a backflow prevention device?
B. Increased pressure devices
A. Air gap separation
C. Double check valve
D. Vacuum breaker

What device measures the rate of flow of gases?
B. Rotameter
A. Parshall flume
C. Float
D. Weir

Aeration in water treatment plants is used to:
B. Reduce concentrations of dissolved gases.
A. Lower the ph.
C. Reduce turbidity.
D. Stabilize chlorine residuals.

The aeration process tends to decrease all of the following except
B. Dissolved oxygen.
A. Carbon dioxide.
C. Hydrogen sulfide.
D. Volatile organic chemicals.

A zeolite softening unit will replace calcium and magnesium ions with _____ ions
C. Sodium
A. Fluoride
B. Iron
D. Sulphur

What are the two most important safety concerns when entering a confined space?
D. Oxygen deficiency and hazardous gases
A. Corrosive chemicals and falls
B. Bad odors and claustrophobia
C. Extreme air temperatures and slippery surfaces

During a confined space entry, how often must the confined space be monitored for hazardous atmospheres?
A. Continuously
B. Every five minutes
C. Before entry only
D. Before entry and then once per hour during entry

What information must be on a warning tag attached to a switch that has been locked out?
A. Name of person who locked out the switch
B. Exact time the switch was locked out
C. Date the switch can be unlocked
D. Name of the shift supervisor

Which one of the following items must be replaced when connecting a new chlorine cylinder?
B. Gasket
A. Air and water regulator
C. Needle valve and seat
D. Pressure regulator

The chlorine gas feed rate is usually controlled by adjusting the:
D. Rotameter control valve.
A. Water flow to the injector.
B. Valve on the chlorine cylinder.
C. Pressure in the chlorine cylinder.

Disinfection for Giardia cysts may be accomplished using which of the following methods?
A. Chlorination and filtration
B. Filtration and aeration
C. Fluoridation and stabilization
D. Sedimentation and coagulation

Two tests used to monitor the effectiveness of the disinfection are: tering a confined
B. Chlorine residual and bacteriological tests
A. Chlorine demand and chlorine residual tests
C. Membrane filter and multiple-tube tests
D. Standard plate count and chlorine demand test

Which of the following is the most effective compound for controlling algae growth?
B. Copper Sulphate
A. Aluminum Sulphate
C. Ferrous Sulphate
D. Magnesium Sulphate

In general, when the pH of treated water is below 6.5, which of the following is indicated?
C. Water that tends to be corrosive out
A. High alkalinity
B. A free chlorine residual greater than 1.0 mg/L
D. Extremely high total solids content

If Geosmin and 2-methylisoborneol are found in your raw water supply, what is the principal difficulty that can be expected?
D. Tastes and odours
A. Carbon dioxide production
B. Lowered pH
C. Sand encrustation

Which form of hypochlorite is the most dangerous to handle?
C. Calcium
A. Sodium
B. Fluoride
D. Chlorine

What type of fire extinguisher should be used for fires with live electricity present? 
C. Class C
A. Class A
B. Class B
D. Class D

A water plant produces 870m3/d. The raw water has a fluoride content of 0.2 mg/L. The operator wants to feed sodium fluoride (95% pure) so that the finished water will have a fluoride content of 0.8 mg/L. Sodium fluoride (NaF) has a fluoride content of 45%. How many kg per day of NaF should be fed?
B. 1.2
A. 0.68
C. 2.5
D. 3.1

A chemical feed pump lowers a 800 mm diameter chemical container 300 mm in 3 hours. What is the chemical feed rate?
A. 1200 litres per day
B. 800 litres per day
C. 3700 litres per day
D. 2200 litres per day

Which component of a centrifugal pump moves the water?
B. Impeller
A. Cylinder
C. Shaft
D. Valve

Flexible couplings used to connect the motor and the pump shaft transmit: 
A. Power efficiently and effectively from one shaft to the other.
B. Wear on bearings to the shaft sleeve.
C. Shock loads and pulsations.
D. Load reversals.

Centrifugal pump parts include:
D. volute
A. diaphragm
B. piston
C. rotor

The advantage to using the oxidant ozone is that it 
d. has little pH effect.
a. is easily generated using relatively little energy.
b. is easily fed into the treatment process.
c. is noncorrosive.

Pretreatment with chlorine is being eliminated at many water treatment plants because it has been shown to
c. sometimes produce disinfection by-products known to be carcinogenic. 
a. react with floc and not much with organics, pathogens, or algae; thus it is a waste of resources and money.
b. react with organics almost exclusively and not much with pathogens or algae; thus it is a waste of resources and money.
d. react by as much as 95% of its concentration with concrete walls and metal structures before oxidizing pathogens, organics, and algae.

C x T values are based on
b. concentration of chlorine, contact time, pH, and temperature.
a. concentration of chlorine, contact time, and pH.
c. concentration of chlorine, contact time, pH, and water impurities.
d. concentration of chlorine, contact time, alkalinity, pH, and temperature. 

If enteric disease-causing protozoans have been found in the effluent of a water plant, which of the following is the most probable solution? 
c. Use the multibarrier approach-coagulation, flocculation, sedimenta-tion, and filtration.
a. Where possible, use powdered activated carbon (PAC) throughout the water plant; backwashing filters will remove the PAC.
b. Use PAC only in the sedimentation basin; backwashing the filters will remove the PAC.
d. Superchlorinate the water plant.

What is the major cause of short-circuiting in a sedimentation basin? 
c. Poor inlet baffling
a. Open basins that are subject to algal growths and thick slime growths on the side of the basin
b. Basins without a wind break
d. Density currents

Conventional sedimentation has a _____ removal of Cryptosporidium oocysts.
a. less than 0.5-log
b. 0.5-log
c. 1.0-log
d. 2.0-log

Dissolved-air flotation is particularly good for removing
d. algae.
a. sulfides.
b. inorganics.
c. manganese and iron.

An example of _____ is determining the lowest monthly average during 12-month monitoring of Giardia and virus inactivation.
a. benchmarking
b. profiling
c. categorizing
d. surveying

Water being served to the public for a population greater than 3,300 must not have a disinfectant residual entering the distribution system below ____ for more than 4 hours.
b. 0.2 mg/L
a. 0.1 mg/L
c. 0.3 mg/L
d. 0.4 mg/L

What is the action level for copper?
c. 1.3 mg/L
a. 0.5 mg/L
b. 1.0 mg/L
d. 1.8 mg/L

Where are the sampling point(s) located for required sampling of turbid- ity in a community water system?
c. At point(s) where water enters the distribution system, including all filter effluents if a surface water treatment plant
a. At representative points within the distribution system
b. 75% at locations representative of population distribution and 25% at the farthest points in the distribution system
d. At effluents of all filters if a surface water treatment plant, at entry points to the distribution system, and at locations representative of population distribution

Under the Surface Water Treatment Rule, disinfection residuals must be collected at the same location in the distribution system as
a. coliform samples.
b. total trihalomethanes.
c. disinfection by-products.
d. alkalinity, conductivity, and pH for corrosion studies.

What is the MCL for haloacetic acids (HAAS)?
b. 0.060 mg/L
a. 0.040 mg/L
c. 0.080 mg/L
d. 0.100 mg/L 

What is the optimal pH range for the removal of particulate matter when using alum as a coagulant?
c. 6.5 to 7.2
a. 4.5 to 5.7
b. 5.8 to 6.5
d. 7.3 to 8.1

Which forces will pull particles together once they have been destabilized in the coagulation-flocculation process?
a. van der Waals forces
b. Zeta potential
c. Ionic forces
d. Quantum forces

Which of the following is a common mistake that operators make in regard to flocculation units?
a. Excessive flocculation time
b. Lack of food-grade NSF-approved grease on the flocculator bearings 
c. Keeping the mixing energy the same in all flocculation units 
d. Too short a flocculation time

Ferric sulfate has which advantage over aluminum sulfate (alum)?
c. More dense floc
a. Less staining characteristics
b. Less cost
d. Not as corrosive

The lower the____, the more difficult it is to form a proper floc.
a. temperature
b. turbidity
c. pH
d. alkalinity

Jar test results are expressed in
a. milligrams per liter.
b. gallons per day.
c. whatever unit the treatment system has decided to use.
d. parts per million.

As solids settle to the bottom of a sedimentation basin,
b. a sludge layer develops.
a. tank pressure is reduced.
c. movement of sediment accelerates.
d. water pH decreases.

Which of the following is the layer of solids and biological growth that forms on the top of a slow-sand filter?
c. Schmutzdecke
a. Biosolids film
b. Bio-carbonated scale layer 
d. Saprophytic layer

Filter tanks are generally 
b. rectangular and constructed of concrete. 
a. spherical and constructed of steel. 
c. rectangular and constructed of steel. 
d. cylindrical and constructed of concrete.

In a typical air-scour sequence, air is applied ____ backwash water is introduced.
a. before
b. while
c. after
d. both before and after

How many lb/day of sodium fluorosilicate (Na2SiF2) is required given the following parameters? \n Flow rate is 1,750 gpm. *Fluoride desired is 1.20 mg/L. \n Fluoride in raw water is 0.15 mg/L. Sodium fluorosilicate is 98.1% pure. *Fluoride (F) ion percent is 60.6%.
b. 37 lb/day,
a. 34 lb/day, 
c. 42 lb/day, 
d. 48 lb/day, 

A filter is 24 ft by 28 ft. Calculate the filtration rate in gpm, if it receives a flow of 3,250 gpm.
b. 4.8 gpm/ft2
a. 4.4 gpm/ft2
c. 5.0 gpm/ft2
d. 5.1 gpm/ft2

Pressure measured in terms of the height of water (in meters or feet) is referred to as
b. head.
a. gauge pressure.
c. barometric pressure.
d. absolute pressure.

In the equation to convert milligrams-per-liter concentration to pounds per day, (dosage) (flow rate) (conversion factor)
a. feed rate.
b. feed demand.
c. feed capacity.
d. total feed.